docs: add spell-checker to contributing docs (#2504)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs-new/docs/contribute/docs/spell-check.md

> # Spell checker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Spell Checker
```

Author: I thought we had agreed to use sentence case rather than title case for headers.  That is what both the Dynatrace and Google style guides recommend.  But I see that you have used Title Case elsewhere so I am implementing this until we can discuss again.

Reviewer: ok then the nav section entry needs to be adjusted instead :)

All PRs that are pushed to a Keptn repository
are run through a spell checker that is based on the
[check-spelling](https://github.com/check-spelling/check-spelling)
GitHub action.

Note, however, that you are still responsible for reading your text carefully.
The tool does not flag if you used a real word that is not the right word,
if you misuse "setup" versus "set up", and so forth.

## Handling Spell Checker errors

If you get a Spell Checker error:

> 1. Right-click the `details` link for Spell Checker

Reviewer: why right click? this just opens the context menu on most OSes.
if anything, I think it should be left click, but we can also just put "click"

> 1. Right-click the `details` link for Spell Checker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the `details` link for Spell Checker
```

> 1. Right-click the `details` link for Spell Checker.

Reviewer: right click..?

Author: Google style guide uses right-click.  But we can deviate, of course.

Reviewer: That's fine, it's just missing some context. Where do I right click?
In any case I don't think we need to be this specific. I think it's enough to tell people to check the spell checker github actions job summary.

Author: How does one access the spell checker github actions job summary?

Author: See if what I have is accurate

1. If you do not want to read through the whole (and rather verbose) log,

>    type `unrecognized words` in the search box at the top.

Reviewer: i suggest to point users to the job summary that is nicely rendered and divided into general and details errors

Author: How do they get to the job summary?

Author: Done.

1. This shows the word(s) that caused Spell Checker to fail.

   - If these are genuine misspellings,
     correct the spelling in your local branch

>      or using the github editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     or using the GitHub editor
```

     and push the new commit to resolve the errors.

   - If a word that is flagged is a legitimate word,
     follow the instructions in the report

>      to propose adding it to our dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     to propose adding it to our [dictionary](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/blob/main/.github/actions/spelling/expect.txt).
```

     This request will be added to your PR for review
     and, if approved, will be merged when the PR is merged.

   - If your PR includes a file that should not be spell-checked,
     you can add it to the
     [excludes.txt](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/blob/main/.github/actions/spelling/excludes.txt) file
     as part of your PR.
     It will be reviewed and, if approved,
     merged as part of your PR.

For more details about handling errors that are found, see the
[Check-spelling docs](https://docs.check-spelling.dev/).

## Implementation details

For full technical details about the spell checker, see:

- [check-spelling documentation](https://docs.check-spelling.dev/)
- [check-spelling GitHub repository](https://github.com/check-spelling/check-spelling)

The Keptn spell checker checks both documentation and code for spelling,
based on a set of dictionaries:

- We use general English language and technical terminology
  from dictionaries that are provided and maintained by check-spelling.
  The configuration is specified in files in the
  [.github/actions/spelling](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/tree/main/.github/actions/spelling)
  directory.

>   [expect.txt](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/tree/main/.github/actions/spelling)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  [expect.txt](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/tree/main/.github/actions/spelling/expect.txt)
```

  lists Keptn terms for both documentation and code.

> - We also use the specialized technical dictionaries provided by check-spelling
>   for Kubernetes and Go.
>   The dictionaries we use are specified in the
>   [.github/workflows/spell-checker.yml](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/blob/main/.github/workflows/spell-checker.yml)
>   file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We also use the specialized technical dictionaries provided by check-spelling specific domains
  or programming languages such as Kubernetes, Go or HTML.
  The dictionaries we use are specified in the
  [.github/workflows/spell-checker.yml](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/blob/main/.github/workflows/spell-checker.yml)
  file.
```

If you get a Spell Checker error:

1. Right-click the `details` link for Spell Checker

>    in the CI results section of your PR.
> 1. Search for "job summary" and click the link to that report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   in the checks for your PR.
1. Click on the Summary to get to the job summary.
```
